so from the public's perspective this
has been a emotional few years for you
can you tell us what audiences can
expect from the new album this is a
culmination of my life's work so far I
was under a lot of stress after my
accident but that's what this show is
about it's about reimbursed
[Music]
[Applause]
don't tell me how
asleep at night
for years
Celeste come on everybody's downstairs
it's a weird world we live in and the
way I've chosen to live my life don't
follow goes against some people's views
on things
do you want to give a quick picture with
you mom I'm worried about you you're
worried about me
what matters is that you have an angle
scared
keep it simple
[Music]
you wanted a show I gave them a show